So I'd like to bring up a good friend,
long-time associate, Jim Batson,
QuickTime team, one of the founding
members of QuickTime team.
He's going to help me
with some of the demos.
You know him well.
So, QuickTime has had one of the
best reputations in the industry
when it comes to the quality
of the software we produce.
And I am really proud of this.
This is something we've worked really,
really hard on over the years.
And a big part of the way that
we accomplished that is through a
very aggressive seeding program.
Now, somewhere along the way
in the last few months,
in the frenzy of all this
stuff we've been doing,
we seem to drop the ball.
And a couple of releases,
a QuickTime got out the
door without any seeding.
And you guys, you're very passionate.
You let us know really clearly and
frankly how you feel about that.
So we decided to make a
movie to commemorate this,
learning these old hard
lessons all over again,
and we'd like to show that to you now.
I'm done programming for today.
I think I'll relax
with some QuickTime TV.
I've got kickboxing.
I've got some...ah!
Let's do it.
QuickTime!
Green is hip!
Kick!
Hey Jim!
What is it this time?
I just updated a QuickTime 4.1.1
and it broke my website!
Yeah, right.
Yeah,
well what are you going to do about it?
Whatever.
This one has a little star.
This one has a little car.
Say, what a lot of seeds there are.
Yes, some are red and some are blue.
Some are old and some are new.
One of the great things about being
on the QuickTime team is there
are some really creative people.
We've got some good editors.
It's a lot of fun.
It's really a ride.
So, may we not forget this hard
lesson for another nine years.
Can we go back to slides, please?
So, you're probably interested in how
you can get involved in seeding.
We have decided to make some
changes in the way we're doing our
seeding to make it easier to reach
more of you more efficiently,
more effectively.
And effective immediately,
we're moving the whole seeding program
for QuickTime over to be in line with
the regular Apple seeding that is done
elsewhere in the company these days.
The easiest thing for you to do is
to go up to the developer website,
and you can get the details,
you can sign up,
it's not going to cost you anything.
And we've also got these mailing lists,
you can find them at list.apple.com,
there's about a half a dozen of them.
And you can find out what's going on,
how your other peer developers
are doing with the various seeds.
And it should be a good forum to
make a great product going forward.
The guy who's going to keep us honest
in all this is a guy named Jeff Lowe.
He's the QuickTime technology
manager here at Apple.
And so if you have any
questions or issues or concerns,
feel free to send him an email,
and he'll get right back to you.
So, this show seems to be about Mac OS X.
You've seen a lot of QuickTime in
the keynote session this morning.
Unfortunately, you're probably not going
to see a lot of QuickTime,
a lot of Mac OS X in this session.
The basic message I want to bring to you
today is that QuickTime and Mac OS X is
really like QuickTime everywhere else.
We've got the same APIs,
the same features, the same bugs,
it's all the same stuff.
It's all there in DP4.
You've got the disks.
You know,
I encourage you to go and play with
it and let us know what you think.
We're going to be working on
it throughout the rest of the
summer as we wrap this up,
and hopefully come fall we'll
have a great piece of software
there that you can base your
applications on Mac OS X on.
So we've got only one
session focused on Mac OS X,
and I will confess that that session
isn't entirely about Mac OS X.
But the reality is there's just
not that much that you need to know
about Mac OS X for QuickTime on X.
So, okay,
let's talk about some of the details
in the QuickTime technology area,
a little bit about what we've been
doing over the last year since
we got a chance to get together.
One of the key areas that we
are focused on with QuickTime is
an area of content creation.
Of course, Apple Computer is completely
focused on content creation.
These are our customers.
These are our core customers,
creative people working in education,
consumers,
design and publishing professionals
who create content for a living.
We are doing innovative
work in a number of areas,
and the first one I want to
talk about is Sound Manager.
Ah, see, I lied.
I'm going to talk a little
bit more about Mac OS X.
The sound manager on Mac OS X is
getting a major facelift,
and we're adding some key
capabilities that developers in
the professional audio tool space
have been asking for for years,
and I'm really pleased to see
that we're moving ahead with this.
The goal here was to provide some
industrial strength foundation for
your professional audio applications.
And that starts at the hardware level.
We are going to build,
provide a whole new hardware
abstraction layer that's going to
provide low latency I/O for your cards.
Hardware-based synchronization
for much better timing.
True multi-channel in and outs,
so you can have, you know,
eight parallel channels running
without having to bypass all the
operating system to be able to do that.
And we're going to also increase
the resolution of all the pipes.
We'll be talking about
higher sampling rates,
deeper bit resolutions,
as well as floating
point processing pipes.
And we'll also be adding a
plug-in architecture for effects.
This is pretty good stuff.
In the MIDI area,
we'll also be providing for the
first time some standardized
low-level I/O managers for MIDI.
We've never had this
standard on Mac OS 9.
As you know,
most people end up relying on
things like OMS or free MIDI.
And on Mac OS X, we're going to provide
this basic infrastructure,
and it'll provide the
I/O and the timing services.
We're also making a significant
upgrade to the QuickTime music
synthesizer to go along with these
new MIDI and sound capabilities.
We're going to introduce a whole
new music synthesizer that plays
MIDI files that's compatible with
the latest in MIDI standards,
DLS2.
And we'll have some new sequencing
APIs to make it easier and more
powerful than ever to add sequence
music to your applications.
And I hope you'll be happy.
I think this stuff is in DP4.
Some of this stuff is in DP4 now,
and we'll be seeding the remainder
of it as the summer plays along.
So, I hope this stuff plays out,
and I invite you to get involved.
We've got three sessions at the show that
you should come and take a look at if
you're interested in these technologies.
And check it out.
So, ProVideo.
These days ProVideo is basically
about these three things.
We're talking about
really high data rates,
we're talking about being able to
handle multiple streams at once so
you can create complex compositions,
and because these people,
professionals are
concerned about their time,
we're concerned about being able
to provide real-time capabilities.
Apple has been working in partnership
with Matrox and Pinnacle to introduce two
new very interesting hardware/software
combinations that you might have
seen if you went to the NAB show.
Since many of you probably weren't there,
I want to tell you a little
bit about what we're doing.
The first company that I want
to talk about is Pinnacle.
They're introducing some
new hardware that's going to
provide unbelievable prices.
The capability to be able
to do HD format video.
That's uncompressed,
high definition format video.
This is data rates about 120,
130 megabytes per second on a Macintosh
running with QuickTime and Final Cut.
This is an amazing development.
The monitor costs more than the
total cost of the rest of the system.
It's a really wonderful development.
We're also working with
Matrox on a very low cost,
very powerful system to enable
you to do real-time effects,
dual-stream processing of DV streams,
and standard definition
uncompressed video.
And I'd like to have Jim help
me show you a demonstration
of what we're doing there.
All this stuff is built on top of
the QuickTime effects architecture
that's been in the system
for the last couple of years.
And so if you want to take
advantage of these capabilities
when the hardware starts shipping,
all you've got to do is support
QuickTime and you'll be able to do this.
Final Cut's calling the standard APIs,
and that's all it takes.
Can we have a demo for it, please?
Okay, so we're just running
a copy of Final Cut.
We've got this Matrox card in the system.
We've got a series of cut,
edit video clips.
Now as you know,
Final Cut's got a very powerful
capability for adding effects
and controlling effects
rendering inside of the clips.
I'm going to ask Jim to
add some dissolves.
Normally when you do this,
you've got to now wait for a while
while Final Cut renders this.
But with the new hardware and
QuickTime's effects architecture,
you just roll back to the top and play.
So that's a pretty good effect.
It's kind of the bread and
butter effect for editors.
Do you have anything a little wackier?
Two video tracks,
one called Lake Scene and the
other one just Water Ripple.
Water Ripple is just straight
on top of the Lake Scene,
so you can't see the lake.
But when we put this effect
on top of the Water Ripple,
what's going to happen is the
Water Ripple frame is going to zoom in,
spin around, and fly around a bit.
And once again,
it's all green at the top,
and this is all real time.
So there's two DV streams in and one out.
and of course,
just scrubbing right through.
And you can even see the
transparency through that.
Pretty cool.
Thank you.
Now, can we go back to the slides,
please?
So that was an example of using
QuickTime's creation environment,
effects architecture, to do professional
quality video creation.
Now, as you know,
Apple's been working real hard
over the last year to make
consumer video creation a reality,
and we've been working with a
lot of developers in other areas
to drive that forward as well.
QuickTime authoring being just
another part of QuickTime,
it's not just a Macintosh feature,
it's something that we support on all
the platforms where we take QuickTime.
And this architecture was
designed in a scalable way,
so it's not just something
that's going to be required
or just used by professionals.
Sony's created a very innovative product
that's based on QuickTime that they
ship on all their VIO products now,
and we'd like to show you that.
Leveraging many of the same
features that were used in the
Matrox demo just a minute ago.
Can we go back to the demo machine?
Go to the laptop?
This is an application
called Movie Shaker.
So the first thing we need
to do is drop some media in,
so we just reduce the screen size.
Okay, here's a folder with just
some QuickTime movies.
and it just drops right in and this
becomes content that we can use.
And so we'll just pick one of these guys.
Let's pick the road one because
he's pretty easy to see pretty well.
And you have the play button.
See, playing wrong.
Scrub around.
Normal QuickTime controller stuff,
movies.
And take a look at some effects.
And you have a preview mode
here that you can look at.
Bubbles.
It's all pretty cool,
because it's all Swift files.
These are all flash animations.
And then-- Obviously, in this context,
in the consumer context,
the goal is not so much workflow and
process and speed and stuff like that.
It's more about fun and creativity.
And we just play through,
and there's the result.
Just right away.
And we can also do some text.
The canonical text that you always had.
And you can get a couple previews.
There's Fade Right,
you can just fade it all up, Shrinking,
Random Spin.
So, just drop the fade right into
one of these effect bins here,
and they all get applied
at the same time.
So now we've got the
bubbles and the text,
and it's pretty straightforward.
Then we move on to the shaker,
which is a lot of people, you know,
they just want to use their content.
They don't want to spend
a lot of time editing,
so it's really nice to just have
an automatic way of creating
some interesting edits and sound
effects and stuff like that.
So we've got a lot of
different modes here.
We can kind of go to romantic
mode all the way up to,
I think they call this tarot mode,
so let's try that one out.
And so we'll just shake it,
and of course it takes a little time,
but not too long.
So right now what's going on is the
application is basically creating a wacky
edit of all the clips in your import bin.
So now we can just click down
here so we can look at the result.
[Transcript missing]
So let's go back to slides, please.
So now I'd like to spend a little
bit of time talking about some of the
interactive features in QuickTime.
The first thing we need to do is talk a
little bit about what is interactivity.
The basic concept here is we've
got a really powerful engine for
creating kind of linear media assets,
video, audio, whatever.
We've also built into QuickTime some very
powerful features to be able to allow
you to customize both the appearance
and the behavior of your media.
Other people are doing things with skins,
which is really not the same thing.
That's about taking an application and
changing the way the application looks,
but it really isn't
responsive to the media,
and it's not able to modify the
overall behavior of the application.
We think this is really important.
We think that the thing ought
to be to skin the media,
not the players.
So we've built some pretty cool
technologies to allow you to do that,
and there are a number of
ways you can access this.
The first one is through
the movie controller.
If you're programming
with QuickTime today,
you know that the movie controller is
responsible for all the interaction
that takes place in the movie.
And there's a lot of interesting
things you can do with that,
although most of that stuff's probably
not obvious if you're not a programmer.
We've also built this very
powerful infrastructure inside of
QuickTime that we call Wired Movies.
It's basically the capability
to execute code inside the
context of the movie playback.
And this is code which
is sort of like Java.
It's portable.
It's not tied to a specific
machine architecture.
And it has the capability to communicate
with other parts of QuickTime,
to be able to send events,
and be able to modify behavior based
upon user input and other events or
conditions that arise in the movie.
We've also built an incredibly
comprehensive set of interfaces
to QuickTime from Java.
So if you're a Java programmer and
you like to work in that environment,
you can do pretty much everything
you can do with QuickTime,
the C APIs, plus some other things.
And then, of course,
QuickTime is a very powerful software.
It's a very powerful software.
It's got a very strong
layered architecture.
And you can always extend QuickTime via
new kinds of media handlers,
new kinds of components,
or you can override and extend
those yourself on the existing ones.
The first kind of interactive media that
Apple ever shipped was QuickTime VR.
And you saw some interesting
demos of that this morning.
We're doing a lot of
work in this area now.
And I think it's pretty amazing.
One of the things that didn't come out
this morning that I found to be a very
interesting story about QuickTime VR is
that in the auto industry,
it turns out that most of the car
manufacturers have standardized
on QuickTime VR as the format for
displaying their new car models.
And what we've heard from the
photographers who go to these companies
and who are doing this work for them
is that the quality of the stitching,
the quality of the rendering,
the ability to provide clips
at very high quality sizes,
as well as smaller and
easier to download sizes,
makes it very attractive.
And it turns out the dynamic there
is very similar to the dynamic that
we see with the movie trailers.
They really care a lot about the quality.
And QuickTime VR seems to
be the one technology that's
providing that for them.
We've got Audi, Acura, BMW, Dodge, Ford,
Mercury.
and it goes on and on.
There are several others and
a whole bunch more to come.
It's quite interesting and I think
what we're going to see is we're
going to see this direction moving
over to other related industries.
Airplanes, boats, that kind of stuff.
It should be interesting
to watch it evolve.
So now what we're going to do is
we're just going to go through
some demos of various ways that
you can work with interactivity,
ways that you can wrap your media with
interactivity and custom appearance
in order that the experience is sort
of what the content producer wants,
what the director wants,
not what the application
provider is trying to deliver.
Go ahead, let's switch to demo two,
please.
What are we starting with here?
Okay, so the first thing that we're
going to start with is the
Lord of the Rings trilogy
trailer that you may have seen.
Now what you can see here is we've
got the movie playing in the middle,
we've got some interactive
buttons around the outside,
and this has basically taken the
media and provided kind of a whole
application environment around it
that was designed by the movie makers.
And you get the same high-quality
QuickTime video playback,
but you've also got this
great environment based...
It's a great environment
that provides interactivity
and a customized appearance.
This particular clip was created
with Live Stage Pro from Totally Hip,
probably one of the more popular
tools out there for creating
this kind of interactive media.
Why don't we move on to the next one.
So that's an approach that requires
a little bit of programming,
sort of this drag and drop of media
elements and a little bit of programming.
Here's an approach which takes
kind of a lot of programming,
but gives a very,
very interesting customized
[Transcript missing]
Just the basic stuff.
It's a QuickTime movie.
It's completely a QuickTime movie.
Authored with Java.
That's a big interface.
The interface is totally nice.
Okay, so let's move on to the next one.
Okay, this last one comes from a
company called TribeWorks.
Their product is called iShell.
This is a customized
iShell's taken QuickTime and they've
extended the interactive capabilities by
adding a little bit of their own runtime.
And what you can do with that
is you can pretty much create
any kind of interface you want.
You're not restricted
to rectangular windows.
You can adjust all the elements,
and there's no programming
required for this.
So you can go out and create whatever
kind of media presentation you want,
and you can access all the
interactivity functions,
and you can make it
look any way you want.
This particular one, I guess,
has got several channels
of movie trailers.
You can access by turning the knobs,
control the transport controls,
of course.
Very powerful stuff.
If you're interested in this,
you can actually go up to their
website and download their tools.
They're basically free for download.
You can evaluate them.
They have a very novel
kind of business model.
TribeWorks.com.
So that's all we're going to talk
about in the interactivity area.
We've got a whole bunch more information
for you at the show this week.
Can we go back to the slides, please?
We've got a session covering
QuickTime for Java that
follows this session today.
And then on Wednesday,
we've got a whole session
devoted to interactivity.
What you'll see there are some of these
examples decomposed in a lot more detail,
and we'll talk about some of
the other things we're doing to
increase the quality and the degree
of interactivity in QuickTime.
So now I want to talk about
QuickTime and servers.
This is an area that's been
relatively new to the QuickTime team.
We've been working with server-based
technologies basically since we
started doing the live streaming stuff.
Now the first question is,
why do we care?
What are servers good for?
When we thought about this,
we came up with, say,
a half a dozen basic things that servers
do really well that are very hard
to do from the client all by itself.
Access control.
If you've got valuable assets
sitting on a server somewhere,
you don't want to just hand them
over to the client and let them
be distributed anywhere without
any control around the internet.
Servers are great at
providing access control.
They're also great for copy protection.
That means you can take your clips
and potentially encrypt them,
encode them.
You have a tight coupling between the
server and the client so that only this
customized client can access the media.
Servers, of course,
are great at counting.
If you've got a lot of
people hitting the server,
accessing various kinds of media,
the servers tend to do a much
better job than a client of finding
out what's going on with all the
various clients in the world.
Servers also have some powerful
capabilities for looking
at the environment around
them and producing dynamic,
just-in-time media compositions.
And then, of course,
servers have always been kind of a
hub for community kinds of activities.
Whether that's, you know,
email servers or things like that.
And then, servers are big databases.
These are really important concepts
when you start to think about what
do servers mean for QuickTime.
Now,
the way the servers end up interacting
with QuickTime is really simple.
The whole mechanism ends up basically
being embedded in the communication that
goes between the client and the server.
In simple transactions relating to URLs.
The client requests the URL,
the server interprets the
URL and responds accordingly.
So depending on what you
decide to put in the URL,
you can drive all kinds of
different sorts of behavior.
This is old hat for the server guys.
But it's an incredibly simple
concept that has incredibly
powerful ramifications.
So with QuickTime today,
there's basically two
ways you can approach...
Customizing the behavior of
QuickTime through the server.
One of them is one we've
recently introduced.
That's QuickTime streaming
server plug-ins.
There's a very rich set of
plug-in capabilities for servers,
for the QuickTime streaming server that
will allow you to access accounting
and logging kinds of functionalities,
being able to pre-process streams,
being able to control access
to the back-end data access
portion of the server.
It's incredibly powerful.
There's a whole session about
this that you should go to and
check out if you're interested.
And then of course
there's CGI programming,
which is sort of the die-hard
of server-side programming,
client-server interactions.
And this is basically custom applications
that masquerade as web servers.
And WebObjects is a
great example of that.
And I guess now that Apple's
handing that out for dirt cheap,
you should get a copy and
see what you can do with it.
It's really, really powerful.
The servers basically interact with
the client by passing back media.
We process movies, of course.
We can also receive any media
that QuickTime knows how to open,
so it doesn't have to be a .mov file.
It doesn't have to be a
QuickTime movie per se.
It can be anything that we can open.
And we also support SMILE,
which is this text-based dynamic language
for describing media compositions.
Let's show you a real simple demo here.
Let's go to demo two.
This is a stock plot demo.
So this is a movie.
This is just a movie.
This was created with Live Stage Pro,
and it's got a text field
that you can type into.
Yeah, this is the bad news.
They never like it when we
don't introduce hardware.
[Transcript missing]
So let's talk about things that
get more powerful than that.
Can we go back to the slides, please?
So, we need to talk a little
bit more about Smile.
Smile is one of the fundamental
technologies that you can use to control
the media composition to be able to
generate just-in-time kinds of content.
Smile is an HTML format,
HTML-like text format for
describing media compositions.
It covers spatial relationships,
temporal relationships,
and it has the ability
to refer to other URLs.
And it provides capabilities to
be able to link to those URLs.
It's really, really very simple.
Do we have an example of that?
Yeah.
Yeah, okay, why don't we switch back
to the demo machine,
demo two?
Demo two.
So, I'll show you a real simple one.
Right.
So, here's a Smile file,
and we're going to drop it
onto Code Warrior first.
So, we're going to look at
what the text looks like.
Okay.
So, you know HTML,
this stuff looks pretty familiar.
It's XML-based.
So, you kind of have,
here's the tag to define the whole thing,
right?
You've got a head area and a body.
The head area,
the head tag defines layout,
contains layout, which then defines the
areas of the presentation.
So, right now we've got the root layout,
which is the whole presentation,
554 by 420.
And inside that we've got a slide area,
which is kind of offset into the
middle and takes up the same size
of these source images down here.
And the body,
we just have a sequence of images.
One after the other,
each lasting one and a half seconds
that play in the slide area.
Okay.
So,
just going to go out to the finder here,
and then we're going to just drop,
just double click that file.
And now we have a movie,
and we can just step through the images.
Okay, so you just have a
sequential set of images.
The red is the color of the
layout of the root over here.
We'll change that to something else,
to silver.
and there it's changed.
And then this is just a
sequential set of images.
[Transcript missing]
So we can do this quickly.
So now the sequential section is
now becomes its own kind of unit.
And now the parallel.
[Transcript missing]
and so as you can see,
it's a lot like the early HTML days
in terms of playing around.
All you have to do is
go to the text editor.
It's really easy.
Just type some stuff in.
You can use QuickTime to open it up,
check it out.
We're going to go into more in depth
on this tomorrow at the server-side
scripting session over across the street.
So to help you out, find your way there,
we've put together the smile document.
Just take a quick peek at this.
You can look.
The header is very small,
just a very simple layout,
and then we just sequence a bunch of
media to create our new presentation.
So just go ahead and open
that and play that for you.
And it also includes embedded text.
Audio, please.
So, you've got to find your way to the
stairs and get out the front door.
Okay.
Remember, Steve said to go and try it,
okay?
He said, "Great.
Go see the QuickTime show."
Well, it was a nice day the other day,
okay, so... The battery was sunny.
But you gotta be careful
about crossing the street.
You don't want to get run over.
So hit the button.
-Aboard!
Not much further to go, so hang in there.
and don't forget to leave plenty early
so you don't get too tired for the show.
So, okay,
so the smile stuff is really important
when you want to talk about servers
because it's a text-based format,
and as you all know,
servers deal with text a lot better
than they deal with graphics.
This is a very powerful way to describe
the media in a dynamic fashion.
This is the kind of
mechanism that you get,
that you're using when you
talk about inserting ads.
You basically have a smile
document which references the
content that is not the ad,
and then on the fly they can send
a CGI script to the ad server,
and the ad server uses cookies and
whatever other kind of information
it has its access to to be able
to provide back a media reference,
which might be a movie,
it might be an animated GIF,
it might be something else
that QuickTime can then render
in line with the other media.
Pretty neat.
So let's talk a little
bit about the content.
Let's show the demo of the
QuickTime streaming server plugin.
So this is a version,
this is a server-side interaction that's,
So we've got a list,
scrolling list here of, um,
scrolling list of songs.
You can click on it, it'll play the song.
So what you see here
is just a text track.
It has a bunch of K-tracks in there,
which will then reference the...
The Movies.
And so what's happening on the
QTSS is that every time you get
a hit on one of these movies,
it bumps a hit count.
Okay?
And then there's a special URL, popular,
you just have to click that,
and that will let you just play
the top three hits that everyone
happens to be listening to.
So the idea here is that on the server,
you can just save information,
but even from the streaming server where
the data really is just lying there.
So that's cool.
So, and you'll learn a lot more about
that if you go to the streaming
server session later in the week.
So the last demo we want to show
you is one that's called QT Chat.
Some of you may be familiar with
a guy named Matthew Peterson.
He's a researcher up at Berkeley,
and he has created some
outrageous applications using
Live Stage Pro and CGI scripts.
This is a complete chat program
built in a QuickTime movie.
This whole thing is a QuickTime movie.
In theory, it's online.
So what's happening here is that he's
using wired movie actions to be able to
send messages to control the interface,
and then
Some of the interactions end up
involving constructing these URLs which
encode all the information that's
relevant to the chat back to the server.
And then he's built a little server
program that manages the membership
and manages distributing of the
media back out to the clients.
So the client refreshes itself every
so often and picks up the text.
Pretty wild.
When you start to see stuff
like this happening in the
context of a QuickTime movie,
you start to realize how powerful
these simple concepts become
when you pull them all together.
Yeah, okay.
So let's go back to the slides.
So we've got three sessions that will
cover the technologies we reviewed today.
We've got the server technologies,
one-- He's back.
He just came back.
Web Streaming Session and a Streaming
Server Session all on Tuesday,
all in the Civic Center.
So, before I wrap up,
I forgot to mention one other thing.
The folks at Apple in the technical
publications group have been
working really hard to support
QuickTime over the last couple of years.
And they've just finished up a new
book that you might be interested in.
It's called QuickTime for the Web.
I think it's probably available
over at the Developer Depot.
And I suggest you go check it out.
They've been working real hard
and they've got a lot of new stuff
coming out to support QuickTime.
So, to wrap up,
the ecosystem is really vibrant.
There's a lot going on here.
We went from nothing in this
space to an incredible amount
of activity in just one year.
I can't wait to see where we're
going to be in another year.
QuickTime remains the premier platform
for content creation and delivery.
And we've got a new
release coming this summer.
You saw some of the cool
features in the keynote.
And when we start the seating program,
you'll see a whole bunch more.
Thank you very much for coming.
Thank you.